# hackathon2020
Challenges

Our project can be subdivided into 2 main portions that were inspired by multiple things, including challenge topics, our own skills, and our interest in learning new things. We integrated all of these ideas to solve people wellbeing issues during the disastrous events. We have aimed to develop an automated healthcare and help organization system primarily for dealing with catastrophe. As we are students who came from engineering and optics backgrounds, the first part of our project was related to building hardware pieces. 
Assuming that all the hospitals around the world can access the individual healthcare record, with the fingerprint sensor, we can identify a person and access their health record with less time and complication, which would be very helpful during the chaos due to disaster. It’s also helpful in case of patients are unconscious and help with providing appropriate treatment to a specific condition. After personal information is identified, the patient will obtain the wearable device that we developed. This inexpensive wearable device is capable of measuring initial patients’ information (i.e. temperature, heartrate, and blood pressure) by integrating temperature sensor, IR sensor, pressure sensor, etc. that we borrow from Digikey. This process would reduce time and labor work for the healthcare workers. LabVIEW is used as a friendly user interface that allows us to obtain data from sensors and display them.
In the second part, we develop the phone application that would allow people around the world to connect to the people who encountered the disaster. This application allows people from outside the red zone to access situation information, specific location, and victims’ needs (i.e., food, volunteers, etc.).
Since there are 2 people in our team and there is limited in time and resources, we will be demonstrating the simulation of how our devices would function by using LabVIEW and how the phone application is made and would be running. 
